many of Sebastien Smith and I'm a
photographer I shoot celebrity
advertising fashion magazine etc I'm
from New York City and I currently go
back and forth between New York City
Nashville and Paris
took what was a raw space and as you'll
see we outfitted it with that site wall
we have all the equipment in here now
and it's now my personal studio - and
the pulse my brother's studio as well
other photographers
I used to be a commis and I was the type
of cop that you wanted to pull you over
one day I was getting a lot of flack for
not writing tickets and I decided I'm
gonna go out and I write some tickets so
I pulled a guy over I was gonna ride
with three tickets and then just
basically start talking to him and I
noticed he had cameras in the back of
his car so I said you're a photographer
he's like yeah yeah you know and and as
we're talking you know I'm writing down
you know whatever and I said well you
know how do you how do you do and he
says I make probably in a month what you
make in a year and so I said you know
what I make you do you teach me
photography and I'll rip up these
tickets
he was like done I'd shoot images and
then send them to him and he would he
would correct the contact sheets and
then mail them back and that was a
relationship we had like the first first
like three years
Agra freeze the first thing I think
about when I wake up and that's the last
thing I think about when I go to bed
like I have to work hard all day long
because I don't want to be second-best
my hustle and grind in the way that I
you know push to to facilitate the
arrival of things or make things happen
probably stems from being in New York
for so long like I would wake up in the
morning I would shoot shoo shoo-shoo
take a camera everywhere with me
I would meet someone on the train or on
the subway and I would talk to them and
then I would like network and then I
would make sure I was at every event and
then I would get home and I wouldn't
shoot more but the thing is like I never
opened up other magazines to look at
other photographers work we are already
extremely judgmental of of our own
and then when you start looking at other
people other people's work you start
comparing oh I wish it would have done
that or I wish I didn't but that I've
done this and then it starts to affect
me with the way that you look at your
own work
now you say look for people maybe for
inspiration but but don't dwell I think
sometimes like you don't have to go to
school to be an artist you just have to
have passion you have to have hunger and
you have to have desire and you have to
you know you you need to find those
people that can help you get from point
A to point B what any artist needs to do
I mean especially if they want to learn
a specific craft they need to find
someone that does it better than them
and they need to work with this person
as much as they can you know either
interning or assisting and just learn it
just soak it all up because I think if
you if you have this dream this desire
to whatever be a photographer
yeah whatever you know painter any any
sort of like artistic profession I mean
if you need to learn from people that
have already made the mistakes before
you from there once you learn at all
once you soak it all up and create your
own style in there I feel like we're
only here once and why waste time you
know working for someone else if you are
passionate about what you do if art is
like that's your lessieur that's your
focus on it and do it and don't
look back be an artist just make art
that's it just make art my name is
Sebastian Smith and you're watching the
creative spaces TV
you